CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing
**To keep this project manageable and friendly we have put some rules and processes in place.  
These are subject to change and every update will be announced accordingly.  
Please read this document carefully!**

---

## Code guidelines
We follow Microsofts C# conventions. These can be found here:  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/inside-a-program/coding-conventions 

There are a couple of conventions that are required to get your changes merged. These include:  
* Indenting with 4 spaces
* Curly braces go on their own line
* Every If statement has to have opening and closing brackets (no ommitting for one-liners)

## Merge process
To maintain not only quality but also managability, no changes can be commited to the master branch.
Every change will happen on a seperate branch and has to be merged via merge request.  
These merge requests will be taken care of by our code owners.

Please be civil in MR discussions and make sure you read the Code of Conduct below.

## Code of Conduct

### OurCommunity Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting
  
---
#### Thank you for contributing to this project. Happy coding :heart:

Commit message:

Add commit message notice to CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing
**To keep this project manageable and friendly we have put some rules and processes in place.  
These are subject to change and every update will be announced accordingly.  
Please read this document carefully!**

---

## Code guidelines
We follow Microsofts C# conventions. These can be found here:  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/inside-a-program/coding-conventions 

There are a couple of conventions that are required to get your changes merged. These include:  
* Indenting with 4 spaces
* Curly braces go on their own line
* Every If statement has to have opening and closing brackets (no ommitting for one-liners)

## Merge process
To maintain not only quality but also managability, no changes can be commited to the master branch.
Every change will happen on a seperate branch and has to be merged via merge request.  
These merge requests will be taken care of by our code owners.  
**Make sure your commit messages are useful and appropriate!**

Please be civil in MR discussions and make sure you read the Code of Conduct below.

## Code of Conduct

### OurCommunity Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting
  
---
#### Thank you for contributing to this project. Happy coding :heart:
